docs: Add a new proposal: Shorten the On-Chain voting period (#6)
medibloc/panacea-governance: proposals/2021-11-voting_period/README.md

### Abstract

We would like to change parameter as follows.
- The voting period for the proposal will be changed from 14 days to 3 days.

### Background

The voting period for governance in Panacea is 14 days, which is enough time to discuss the proposal.<br/> 
However, this period is too long to keep up with this fast-paced crypto ecosystem.<br/>

> As an example, simple changes in specific parameters for IBC transmission took 14 days, which takes a lot of time to link to Osmosis.

Reviewer: For more clarity,
```suggestion
As an example, simple changes in specific parameters for IBC transfer took 14 days, which which made it a long time to integrate Panacea with other IBC-based services such as Osmosis.
```
